Guidance for off-thread interaction and COIs (#231)
ropensci/dev_guide: softwarereview_reviewer.Rmd

-  Using the [**goodpractice**](https://github.com/MangoTheCat/goodpractice) package (`goodpractice::gp()`) to identify likely sources of errors and style issues. Most exceptions will need to be justified by the author in the particular context of their package.
-  Using `spelling::spell_check_package()` (and `spelling::spell_check_files("README.Rmd")`) to find spelling errors. 

### Off-thread interactions

> If you interact with the package authors and talked about the review outside a review thread (in chats, DMs, in-person), please make sure that your review capture elements from these conversations that are relevant to the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you interact with the package authors and talked about the review outside a review thread (in chats, DMs, in-person, issues in the project repository), please make sure that your review captures and/or links to elements from these conversations that are relevant to the process.
```
